Hi everyone and welcome back.
We are here to discuss like coin an important point in the realm of crypto currencies.
I'm sure some of you are already familiar with it.
For those of you're not we're going to get into the establishment of like coin and some recent information
related to it.
So let's just jump right into it like coin is actually seen as the silver or copper two big coins gold
due to its similarities and it was released in 2011 after it's launched in 2011 it became the second
most popular currency but did run into some trouble in 2015.
It had a bit of a tough time with undermind acceptance due to a Chinese like coin Ponzi scheme.
And we could see that as a bit of a negative but we can also see that in May 2000 18 compatibility with
block net protocol was adapted for like coin.
And again we're going to get into that in a moment.
Keep that in mind because there is a big positive for like going to we can go a little further into
the establishment.
We know it was released in 2011 and it's open source so that it's not managed by any central authority
the like coin network went live a few days later after its release and was a fork of the Bitcoin client.
And although it's seen as the copper or silver to Bitcoin because it's almost identical to Bitcoin.
It does have some differences such as a decreased block generation time and increased max number of
coins and uses a different hash algorithm and modified GeoEye.
And we can think that the decreased time in the realm of crypto currencies.
If you have the decreased time the quicker transaction time and a decreased transaction cost.
Those are huge elements in the realm of crypto currencies like coin was setting out to try and conquer
that or at least establish that as a competitor.
In the realm of crypto we always want at least on the user side the decreased transaction costs so it's
more beneficial to us and a faster time as well.
Some interesting notes with light coin is it actually became the first of the top five by market cap
crypto currencies to adopt a Segway.
And in 2017 it also became the first lightning network transaction completed through light coin transfer
like going from Zurich to San Francisco in under one second.
Now that's pretty impressive.
And we get into transactions the cost of transactions or with like going around one fiftieth of the
size and with like one we also have that faster transaction time and crypto users see light coin as
more stable because the pricey acts more rationally and that's always great if you're looking to invest
into something you would kind of want something to behave more rationally.
Kind of helps with the prediction of it.
So what also helps is that there can only ever be 84 million like coins with almost $56 million already
released.
Now this is seen as a positive because having a fixed amount can help verse inflation unlike hard currencies
such as the dollar or the euro because we all are familiar with inflation related to those currencies.
So it can be seen as a more sustainable currency long term.
And an important note of like coin again we mentioned earlier that problem that Lycoming had with the
undermind acceptance in 2015 due to a Chinese Lycoming Ponzi scheme.
But this news is fantastic for like coins.
And this happened in May of 2008 with the compatibility of Blochman.
And for those of you who are not familiar with Blochman block it is a system that allows investors and
cryptocurrency users to exchange virtual currencies without the intervention of a third party.
The process is completed via atomic swaps meaning that anyone who has fiat or other cryptocurrency can
easily exchange it for like coin without having to rely on third parties.
And that's huge in the realm of cryptocurrency as well not having to rely on third parties being able
to swap and exchange like coin for other crypto currencies.
The adaption and compatibility of block that a big plus for like coin.
So for those of you who are looking to invest into it or for those of you who have had it and have already
invested into like going this is some great news.
Also on a side note if you're looking to integrate like coin and you can visit the following page here
and see the information related to integrated like.
And it's pretty easy because as we've mentioned it's got such similarities to Bitcoin and it has full
compatibility with the Bitcoin API.
It's pretty easy to integrate into existing applications that already offer Bitcoin support.
You can find information as a developer using bitcoin as a merchant and as a business that already supports.
Like when you can actually register your site here just a great feature to see options on the coin on
the currencies page for offering integration with the currency.
All right.
We can see Vasser transactions that point initially set out to accomplish.
We could see that the Max Light point is being mind daily with every two and a half minutes a block
being mind that generates fourteen thousand four hundred light points daily.
As with all crypto it's becoming much more relevant as merchants and institutions adopt their use for
services like coin is gaining traction with some recent merchants accepting it.
So try to keep it on your radar for the remainder of 2018 and 2019.
And again with the compatibility of block net I think we're going to see it consistently grow.
We're going to see that undermind acceptance from the Chinese like coin Ponzi scheme in 2015.
I don't think that's going to be so much of an issue with the compatibility of block net.
Definitely and to help related to that factor and light point.
So try to keep it on your radar.
If you have any questions please feel free to share them in the Q&A.
And with that enjoy cryptocurrency.